From Meltdown Comics, Hollywood, California, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Very enthusiastic. Very good people.
Thank you for not going to the Grammys. Thank you so much.
I know a lot of you are nominated and you just decided to check the results later.
Yeah, I got my eye-harmed back. Aaron made me a quickie for a shadow run tonight.
We haven't figured out. I don't want to talk about that.
We haven't figured out how to make these devices in our pockets usable on the level of a notepad yet.
It still hasn't happened. I'm 42 fucking years old. That's all I'm going to say about it.
It's still easier to have a piece of paper around your neck. It shouldn't be.
At the peak of the Palm Trio, I remember I was typing really fast with my thumbs.
Then this iPhone thing happened. It's wonderful. It's a great looking thing.
You can touch the screen and move it around.
But if you add it up all of the time that we spend going back and correcting all the words,
boy, Jeff, second life. Did any extra black people come tonight?
What's your name, sir? Brian? Anybody else?
You better not be white. You better be genuinely black. That's only funny if you're black.
No, it's funny both ways. No, it's not. It's not funny if he's white.
It's hilarious if he's white. No, it's not.
Imagine if Jim Belushi is doing that in the back. That's not funny.
He's doing a black guy impression. It's funny if it's tiny Lister Jr.
There's no middle ground between those? No, there's lots of middle ground.
It's also funny if it's just any black guy. What is your name back there? Max?
Are you in the military at some point with the yes sir or no?
See now, it's way funny if that guy's white.
It's starting to get okay if he's white. Because it's a dimensionalized character.
It's not just an impression of a race. It's becoming a character.
So it's becoming fine. He's becoming Tracy Oldman if he's white.
Max, what do you do for a living?
What sort of performances do you do Max?
I'll take it however I want to take it Max.
Are you willing to come up on stage and feel it out with us?
Welcome Max to the stage everybody.
This show really got off right out of the gate like a rocket.
Alright, cross your fingers. This guy better be black as hell.
Yeah, black enough.
Awesome, hello.
Now you can grab one of those and have a seat.
Yeah, microphone and a seat. Just as promised you your people in the 1940s.
So did you come because last week I pled for more black people?
No.
Do you have the blackest voice ever?
It's me and James Earl Jones.
Every year we just kind of see who can go more bass.
I'm getting there. When I was 13 it was close but now he's starting to lose it.
Can you sing a low note? I wish I could. I love like bass singers.
This is me.
Get lower than that.
Okay, hold on.
There's such a fine line between post-racial and pre-menstrual humor.
How would you like me to perform? Let's bring him up.
How low is your voice?
It's a hair's breadth. What are we doing?
We're talking about a gentleman with a great basso profundo voice.
I'm not indicting us. I'm just pointing out what a razor's edge we walk in the modern world
and how far you go to just find yourself back at fascination with each other.
I feel bad for Brian. Is Brian right? The first guy, he got supplanted by Maxie.
There was just good comedy.
What was the first? It was just a voice from the back.
Yeah, I'm here.
It was just good.
Brian can come up too but I don't want to feel like we're pitting people against each other.
Only one black person at a time.
I can feel you presence though.
Brian, do you also want to come up or do you not want to be dehumanized like this?
Brian, get your ass up here, Brian.
Okay, alright.
Alright.
Man, I'm so excited. Just for that random, I wish that there was still television
so someone could be flipping through channels and see me hanging out.
All my white guilt is just being sucked off the range through a super vacuum out into the stratosphere.
I love it. All the heat from being a 42-year-old fat white oppressor.
Now I just feel like I'm fucking on honest ground.
What should we talk about? Randy Quaid?
Is he in the news?
Yeah, I think he's doing something.
Brian, sorry, I didn't know enough about me.
What do you do for a living?
I work at a Jamba Juice.
Sounds like you're making it up a little bit.
It's terrible.
And they're not watching or anything?
No, nobody at that Jamba Juice would ever watch a podcast or listen to it or anything.
What's the worst thing about working at a Jamba Juice?
The people.
The coworkers or the customers?
The customers for sure.
Juice isn't that important. It's not.
There's a lot of things going on in the world. Juice is not the important thing.
By the time you've already decided that you don't even need solid food,
you should be an easygoing person when you come into this.
The worst thing that happened to you is that you're juice is five minutes late.
You have a fucking great life. It's fantastic.
So you're saying they're a little impatient and bossy?
Yeah, just generally assholes.
How old are you? Can I ask your young enough?
I'm 23.
Young enough to be able to ask?
23.
Ah, pre-9-11.
You haven't even been through 9-11 yet.
Is that how age works?
Oh, we all experience time with this.
Okay, alright.
Sorry, I thought all of us had to turn 32 for 9-11 to happen.
Max, you said you're a performer. What do you do?
I'm an actor.
You're an actor?
Are you working on stuff?
I just relocated to Los Angeles three days ago, four days ago.
Welcome.
From where?
From New York.
From New York? Wow.
Man, this is an authentic black person.
This isn't like one of your black friends who doesn't know any other black people.
I bet you know a ton of black people, don't you?
I went to school with a bunch of them. Acting.
Black acting school.
No, okay.
Alright, I pushed it too far.
I thought it was like, there was a show when I was a kid called Fame.
It was about acting.
Yeah, I remember Fame. It was about LaGuardia.
LaGuardia in New York City is a school.
Yeah, that's not where you went, right?
No, but I know some black actors that went to LaGuardia.
I think it was Irene Caro?
Was that the actress's name?
She sang the song.
Oh, okay.
In the title sequence, there was an actor who was one of the teachers.
I think first there was a movie with the song.
I don't know if the movie was an adaptation of the song.
But then the TV show, and then the credits for the TV show and the opening title sequence,
there was just this woman saying, you want Fame? You want success?
Well, right here is where you start paying in sweat.
And it was just a show about talented high school kids.
In the movie, that's where Coco takes her shirt off and cries.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You want Fame? Fame costs. Right now is where you start paying.
Oh, you know what I'm talking about.
When I was a kid, I was at MGM, which is now Sony Lot.
I think I was shooting something, like Highway to Heaven or something.
Me and my mom were walking down between the sound stages,
and a golf cart goes by, and on the back of the golf cart,
we're walking, and on the back of the golf cart going past us,
I forget the actor's name, but he played Leroy on Fame.
Who's that fucking great dancer, remember him?
Oh, yeah. Do you have cornrows?
Kind of, yeah, I think. And he waved at me like he knew me.
He pointed at me and waved, and my mom's like,
why is Leroy waving at you?
I go, I think Leroy thinks he knows me.
I felt so cool.
Max, you want to drink? You were looking...
I was eyeing it, but...
You got to help yourself, though.
I don't want to dig in the ice with my hands for you.
Thank you.
So, Brian, are you from LA?
No, I'm from New Orleans originally,
but I live in Oakland.
I just came down here to help a friend move
and to see Harmontown.
Really? Yeah.
You helped somebody move, and you came to a different town to do it?
Yes. You're a good person.
Yeah, good friend.
I really like convenience, also.
Brian, did you want to drink?
Yeah.
Harmon's become bartender. I love this.
We really do need, like...
Dan Harmon is making me a drink. This is amazing.
Yeah, it's like...
It's like really the kid cleaning your gun.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
It's like Patrick Swayze packing your parachute.
Or teaching me how to dance.
It's like Santa Claus sitting on your lap.
There you go.
I group around the bullseye, and then the professional improviser...
By the way, we have Greg Proops here tonight.
He'll be coming up on that.
Yeah!
Inarguably a white man, but...
Although, when you get Greg drunk,
when Greg gets just drunk and high enough,
he becomes a black jazz musician from 1933.
He's a very groovy white man.
He becomes incredibly like a jazz musician. It's very good.
All right, so we've got Max, the aspiring performer.
So you're very young, too. What are you, 20...
Can I ask?
Yeah, 27.
So, out here from New York...
It sounds like he's doing a bit sometimes.
Just came here from New York,
so now what is the plight of a young actor in LA in 2015?
How does it work? Does it still look the same?
You still got a pile of headshots in your back seat,
and you just kind of...
It's all digital now. I don't know about...
Yeah, LinkedIn.
Yeah, now it's just...
So, is there... Do you have an agent?
I have a manager.
Is there... Does your manager say stuff like,
you know, you got to do that YouTube now?
He's a New Yorker, so...
He does kind of talk like that.
He has an old New York Jewish accent.
You're about to...
I just... I touched my iPad.
That's not a bit. I just touched my thing.
We were about to kick a freestyle.
That was unintentional, but if you'd like to,
that can happen.
I'm not allowed to solicit that from you,
but you are...
You don't have to say a word
if you would like to do some freestyle rapping.
That is fine by me.
Yeah, do you want to...
Do you want to battle?
Isn't that... I mean, that's what they call it.
Max.
Yeah.
See, Max seems pretty down with that.
Ryan, are you up for that?
Um...
I'm more of a manager type.
Brian, Brian, it's like...
I'm literally up here because of the color of my skin.
He said he wanted to rap, and they're going to rap.
Brian, I need you to go around and just collect money from people.
We're going to accept bets.
So, money, give me a hat, please.
We need to collect. We need $5 ahead.
And...
I think there should be some stakes for the winner of this battle.
I think there should be like...
All right, well, I mean, I have...
I can make a cash.
All right.
You're throwing out money, then.
All right, I'll join.
All right, I got 20 here.
Is that good?
I have a 22, so...
Bring your 20 over here, Harmon.
Give it to me.
Brian, can you hand that to me?
All right.
So, the kitty...
The kitty is $40.
We're going to do it democratically by applause
at the end of this thing,
but we're going to do a good old-fashioned rap battle.
I think...
I think in a rap battle...
I think by applause is...
That's for...
Correct me if I'm wrong, Max.
The whole by applause thing...
That's a white people Halloween party thing.
In a real rap battle...
You know who won.
They don't need to...
I think it'll be obvious.
We'll know who won when we know.
It's...
Everyone goes like...
Oh!
Like, it's like...
It hurts them.
I'm not trying to impute your rapping ability,
but do you think you have that in you right now
to elicit that sort of reaction tonight?
Well, I don't know. I don't know.
For me, it's like...
It's not up to me. It's up to God.
Right?
Because I don't want to pull rank,
but I feel like that's
what comes through me when I work
in any capacity.
And now, Brian, as soon as money got involved,
you seem to like...
You're into it now. I'm very poor.
You have $40.
You're going to quit that Jamba Juice.
No.
I'm out!
All right.
So, I mean, is there any rules to like...
I don't know.
I've never been in a three-person...
I was joking.
I'm going to go one more...
I've got a very good rapper.
I'm going to go one more 20, make it 60.
$60.
If anyone else wants to make donations for this,
for our rappers right here...
We'll be passing around a hat in a couple minutes.
Okay, so how does this work?
Are there ground rules in this?
Like, what's the thing? I'll just throw a beat down
and you guys want to just take it?
Yeah, I guess.
I have a problem.
Sometimes, like, I don't...
I don't hand it off soon enough.
Because sometimes the shit just flowing.
All right.
I don't even know if I would have
given myself into right now, man.
Ugh.
All right. It's going to be terrible
no matter what happens.
The stakes are low.
So, let's just freestyle.
Let's just feel it out. You guys just do your thing.
I got some new beats today
that I found from some of our donation
Armenian music.
Oh, yeah. If you know the name of the artist,
give them some credit.
The opening song was by a cat named Lee Broderick
called Love the Street. I really like that song.
So thank you, Lee.
If you got more stuff, send it to us.
It was very cool.
We don't have to call it a battle.
Yeah.
The Sugar Hill gang didn't battle
each other. They were a gang.
There's no animosity, no enmity.
This is just creative collaboration.
I think rap battling is
along with
liquor stores
and pawn shops
and Laysay fair
gun legislation
and horoscopes and scratch-off tickets
are
all part of the white man's
conspiracy.
Sounds like a lot of backpedaling from you, man.
I'm backpedaling
on the white man's conspiracy.
I feel bad that we ever initiated it.
I wish that we could take it back.
During this rap battle,
don't use that word battle.
Don't even put it in quotes.
It's a powerful word.
This is a post-racial cooperative
rap co-op.
But there will be one winner.
Somebody will win.
This is America.
The rap will go to...
Okay.
They're not saying the winner is anyone.
You're all
honored just to be up on stage doing it, for certain.
But what person will
walk home with 60 US dollars?
Well, yes. That's true.
But I don't think we have to call that person
a better rapper than me.
I think we absolutely do.
I think when the person
who has the 60 dollars can say
among these three rappers,
I am the best.
Are you in on this rap battle?
It's not a battle.
It's like collaboration.
I mean, I'm up here.
I'm going to be real bad at it.
I feel like Brian's
he's going to sneak in there and do it.
He's the sleeper.
I promise you I'm not.
I'm going to keep you guys honest.
When we start this rap battle, just in case.
Just in case.
You guys had some prepared material.
I'm going to solicit a suggestion.
I'll keep it vague.
Something very broad.
As a starting point.
All right, Randy Quinn.
All right.
I'm going to play a couple beats.
We'd like to use here.
How about?
Yeah.
Like that?
Yeah, streets to the
streets to the week.
All right.
You sir, right here.
That was just warming up.
You sir.
What's something that you have as a pet peeve of yours?
Something that bothers you?
Something mundane maybe?
To the week, streets to the week.
Whistling on the street
bothers the gentleman.
Whistling on the street street whistlers. Yeah, okay. Okay. All right. Okay, MC Harmon coming to it
Yo, why you got a walk down the sidewalk doing that high tone like it's bird talk
Why you whistling at me?
Fuck your mama so hard. She took a pee. I
Pulled your mama's pants down said but pushes whistling. She's like a clown
Clowns don't whistle. They use seltzer bottles. I fucked your mama so hard full throttle
Went down the street
Squeezed your mama's titty me
He gave her a kiss because in the end she's a good person. That's the mic go
All right, keep it going keep the beat going man
The song's not long enough for all three to get through so I do you want to see you want to keep that beat?
Who wants to go next max you have
You like that beat you want a new beat. Yeah new beat us. No same beat new topic new topic
Let's see you just you just fucked somebody's mama in so many ways
Thank you the one whistling they were that's they were the mother of the person what something that's embarrassing
I
Feelings feelings feelings feelings all right
Go max yo
Feelings yeah, I got these feelings man. It's awkwardness. I'm on stage and I'm not the blackest kid
But still I'm kind of in the middle kind of trying to spit this rap shit. It's a riddle. It's a mystery
But it's not the new to me. It's not a diss track, but I feel like you've been kisses to Dan Harmon. Yo
Yo, yeah
Bombin
Harmon with that
Yo
Feeling kind of homophobic though because it's distracting me with my flow, but still I gotta go your beard. Yo, it's kind of weird
If you was a chick and you had a dick I
Say yes, kind of dick, but I gotta get a minute
Anyway, yeah
All right
Well, that was that took a
That took an unexpected turn max The title of that one is truly feelings
That's right. I was like the Charlie Kaufman of like of like
Freestyle cuz they like use the medium like the rap became a feeling
Yeah, all right, Brian the the bar has been maybe raised you want the same beat when I try a new beat you like that one
Your choice we you can hear one. Let's see what else we got here. What about
A little more smooth. Let's see when the beat comes in. I feel like this
Do you like this
Really doesn't matter same results no matter the beat
Oh
Shit
I just go back to the first one right you like which one that's safer the first one the very first the one they did
You good to go let's get him a suggestion. Sure. What about what?
White no not white devil
Unless you wanted you what how about just can we how about just juice we'll give you juice
Yeah, yeah
Yo
Look at my kitchen ain't got no juice. Look at my kitchen. What the fuck you bitch
That's all I got you got the lamest black guy up here on the spot
Why does a dove I fit inside you like a motherfucking glove
That's all I got
All right, that was
This is not gonna be easy
This is not gonna be easy. Yeah, all right now. I mean that was a warm-up round everybody everybody
Think in your heads right now silently to yourselves who you think probably won that one
But now I want to do we're gonna play another beat you guys. I want this to battle off of you guys spitting it around
We just hand it off. Yeah, we're like a group of friends
Like a circle friends and the song is about what sir anything anything at all with what's Netflix it's about Netflix
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, please
Yeah
I'm demand
Yeah, if you want to see a movie you're gonna see it. That's how Netflix sees it
They're a business model remember when I fucked your mama full throttle
Well, oh shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. Yeah. Oh syncopated
Arhythmic rhythms
She had a schism between her legs. It's usually called a pussy
But I digress sorry about that
Pass it pass the mic. I'm gonna pass the mic to another person
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Pass the mic to your man Max watch the interview on the track and
Got my shit and I watch it over over
I binge watch I watch how's the car the game of thrones and sometimes I don't leave my home
Got a couple cars the ice cream Chinese food my mom calls me up. I'm like, yo, I'm feeling rude
so I hang it up and
Pass it up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. It's heating up here you guys. You know, yeah
Netflix caught me masturbating
Netflix. Oh shit. Hey
Why are you asking me what I'm watching? Yeah, I play the net for so bitch
Yeah, take it home. Go home out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Arrested development is coming back
Episodes get longer. It's like crack. You gotta smoke one at a time, but serialized jokes. So you get it rhyme
You'll notice
All right, I've got a pass the bike to Max
The two blacks now nice
Harmon it's a dehumanizing when you call someone a color
Calling one of the color
I'm a bit of a misstep. Yeah. Oh, yeah
Okay, yeah, that's name Harmon. I don't know what that should mean, but
It's white. I won't say what rhymes with white
But still, you know what it's like to be on stage and get called put on blasts
Sometimes I watch Netflix for hours. Just trying to pick the show. I don't know what to do
I read all the titles and
They all sound interesting so
I
Bring it home Brent
Netflix I don't know what the watch Netflix why am I touching the crotch?
Netflix what the fuck is going on? I
Can't even see her phone. Is this
All right, all right
All right $60 worth of wrapping I feel like I
Feel like shit almost got too real there
We're in danger of crossing the dangerous reality
We definitely made connections tonight and I think made a good case for more black people coming to my show
I think we just fixed racism. Yeah, well, I mean and it's surprising how little time it took we've been working on it forever
It's like let me out there. Let me take care of this
Is there any since you guys were so gracious and and you know put yourselves out out there?
Is there anything I mean usually we ask the professional people what they're plugging, but you guys are plugging your your young lives
If anybody out there's hiring people who don't have any experience writing television shoes
Please call me
All right, you can go to Brian's Jamba Juice or and you go to your nearest Jamba Juice and ask for me you can you can
Only black person that works at any Jamba Juice ever
Max
If there's a if there's a guy sitting in Seattle that goes that's it. That's the new face of Chipotle
You're correct sir
All right, yeah, and he can find you on LinkedIn or whatever. All right, so now how do we decide this now as now?
This is the oh, well, I mean, I think they I think it's a tie between the two guys that
Who's whose money it isn't I?
I mean, I'm not gonna take my own money, but I clearly won
My my shit was tight
I'm gonna say you came in a very close third then
Very close third. Yeah beat out Eminem
We don't we don't need to decide between the two of them, right?
We can just split the 60 among the two guys that I made it even 80 how about top of 40 for both of them?
Is that cool?
All right
All right, that buys a lot of
Jamba Juice and a lot of I
Don't know acting tutorials
Yeah, just met Chipotle burritos. This goes to rent
All right. Well, thanks max. Thanks, Brian
Keep coming back and bring bring friends. They can be white friends
It's working Jeff it's working this show brought to you by Jamba Juice I
Bet you thought it was absurd when I asked for I just requested black people to come to the show
I mean you thought I was silly. You thought I was racist
Racist like a fox
I'm bringing back a pre-racial that's that's my movement
Pre-racial so you live in a time before racism really kicked off. Yeah, it's race is an artificial construct
But that's why it's so fascinating
Like remember Jamal Jamal's not here. Is he Jamal you here? He would have spoke up
I was I wanted to talk to Jamal at the end of the show last time
Because he was sort of the quintessential like post-racial kid like he looked like he was about 12 years old
Very adorable very very bored with my racial obsession making fun of me like kind of
Just like didn't need it had no use for the consciousness of race
Like it would be fun to have him come up every week and just check in with him do a post-racial update
And he would just say I had a sandwich today
What kind?
All right. Well, that was a that was a strange detour, but that's what Harmon sounds about. It's about magic. Oh
I think we've proven that
if our next guest had anything to say about it, he'd probably say the show is about
Waiting a long time for weird raps to happen
Let's bring out Greg Proops
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Greg Proops
I'm a beamer smoke and whack
Just watching Netflix, it's the orange to the black. Yeah
But I can't watch yahoo with impunity because that's the place that they got community. I
Had time to think it up
You could have made all I fucking came up with
You could have made yourself 40 cool dollars man. I know man, and then I could have quit my job and shit
How are you Pripy? Oh, you went to mice. I'm good. Yeah, I do. Thank you
I like that you came out and brought a brand new bottle of vodka. I was asked by two people backstage if I might do so and I
Aque asked to both of them one after the next the first guy went when you go out there
Well, you bring a bottle of alcohol. Yeah, two seconds later another guy went
Well, you bring a bottle like how many people want me to bring vodka the answers. Yes to all of you I
Rarely get asked a question that I'm so enthusiastic about answering yes to because the smartest man in the world
podcast is known more
Colloquially as a vodcast because you know it's fueled by vodka if I'm not mistaken. It is in fact fueled by vodka much as a Jets are fueled by
whatever Jets are fueled by
My show is fueled by vodka
Or fueled if you wish to pronounce all the letters in a word. I don't think it's it's a jet fuel jet fuel
Jet fuel of course. That's what Jets
used to go from one place to another
like rocket fuel for
Rockets and whatnot
Speaking of rocket fuel
So all right
I'm well. Thank you for asking Jeff. Good to see you. So
You you have a podcast called smartest man in the world. You're you're more erudite than I am you're you're a learned man
You're a smart man. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're coming out with a book
The smartest book in the world. Yes, you're a smart person. It's all a joke by the way
Everyone's so serious right now. Great. They heard the word area died and everyone fucking panicked and shit
If this was a radio, they'd be hitting seek really hard right now
Great, what's your book about about 300 pages? Thank you for asking
Jeff Davis ladies and gentlemen
Yeah, oh, no, it's the bounce pass all the way out. I don't even look behind me
You know what I mean? Because I know what's coming. Have either of you guys
post 30 like like like well into the era of
Everyone's got a phone in their camera
Like like don't don't think about when you were 17 or anything. I have either of you
Since the advent of the phone camera
Taken a shit so big
That even though you knew you were never gonna show it to anybody
It was so big that you took a picture of your own shit
Just because you were about to flesh it and
You knew I mean, I can't stress enough like I
Suppose you've guessed by now this happened to me recently. I
Will never show it to anybody because it's gross
But you know what I would never want to look at a picture of anyone else's shit
You know there's websites where people post like pictures of shit and stuff
But but
Like I wasn't aware of that. I'm often looking at the rainbow bright website. So I'm a little prissy
Either of you guys ever you never you never I've never been moved to actually reach for the phone
There've been times when I've astound astonished myself, but I didn't I didn't know that it needed to be recorded
Well, it's yeah, and don't make don't mistake me for saying like oh any time you take a big shit
You should always I don't I never I'm saying like that's the that's the thing about it
It is like I as my picture snapped. I was like this is I'm not gonna show this picture to anybody
I'm taking this picture because that's how big the shit is and I'm 42 and I take huge shits all the time
All the time and then I thought and I thought I have to see I have to do
I'm not gonna share the picture with anybody the pictures for me, but
Also, I just want to tell people I took a the biggest shit of my life
42 I took the biggest shit
Thanks guys
But like so Greg you were in Paris recently, right?
Last year
No, I've never been tempted
But I can understand the impulse. I just for me. It's like I'm in airports all the time
And there's always guys on the commode as it were
Having long conversations with their loved ones while they're doing the thing and to me that's I gross gross
There's a time and a place for everything and a conversation doesn't take place while you're
Eliminating I've never wanted to take a picture of my wand and I've never wanted to take a picture of any excrement
But that's me. I'm a sissy. I mean you're you're a bold Viking who fucking forges forward and breaks through post-racial
barriers and
People from Jamba Juice on stage and gives them money so I can understand why you're you're a
Limitory system might be a matter of some pride. Yeah, I didn't I didn't feel brave
I felt cowardly as I was taking a picture like I felt like the the the the chimpanzees in the beginning of 2001
I'm scared of this giant thing black thing that came out of yeah, if those things had cameras
They would have those ostrich lipid the scene. They would have snapped a pic of the monolith. All right. Anyways took a huge shit
I mean it was a hockey stick
Okay, but was it in the shape if it had been in the shape of a monolith then I might consider it if it had come out as
A perfect rectangle. I might think that's this is just you know what this isn't history anymore. This is science
Yeah, we're gonna kneel to grass Tyson territory here and that the odds of taking a rectangular shit or one and one billion and yet
Dan Harmon achieved it four times last week after visiting the fat burger on Centum on
Yeah, I don't even know what I did and I didn't experience anything untoward on the toilet
I was it was like it was like a normal experience sailing. I was just sitting there thinking about
Xanadu or whatever and I
And I just I just got off and I looked down and it was like this
Remarkable amazing. Okay, we don't have to we don't have to talk about it. It's a conversation that goes nowhere
I only wanted to talk about the relationship
Did you ever see the South Park episode with the guy where the dad takes the giant shit that they do a whole episode?
I mean that's like it is there is something about I
I it's it's it's a it's an exploration of a thing that's always going on that of course
No one wants you don't want to talk to other people about your shit. Some people still tell each other about their dreams
I'm you know who you are
Like like even that's not so great. So of course talking about your shit like in the minutia like it's like oh gross
I don't like that when people go like oh, it was like a pebble
But it had a stick on the end and I'm like, I don't care. I don't want picture your shit
But but at the same time, I think there's something interesting about the fact that you know we we we we
You know we do we do we do so few things every day
And there's so few of those things that we do every day that we that we never really really talk about
And then we really have a relationship with and it was it was it was the biggest shit of my life
It was a foot. I've only been married once and I've only taken this big a shit once. I haven't had a baby yet
But I mean it seemed like I did when I alright
So alright, that's it. That's it. It was a special shit and I didn't call 9-1-1 or anything
No, I took a picture and I just I just went upstairs. Hey, Greg. Thanks for coming. Greg Proops everybody
To the H into the a into the alright
All right. Well, okay, so that's the that's the gross segment of the show. I had another thing about I always
Wondered about you know when you the recycle bin if you blow your nose and then
You right is it still recycling is it garbage now? Well, yeah, are you supposed to put it in there?
And I always picture like like a shoebox made out of recycled materials
It was like are my my boogers somehow a part of the box right is like the last part of the coleslaw in the cardboard thing
Still recycling or is it garbage because it's got the organic man. Yeah, you recycle tissues
Well, you're supposed to he takes pictures of his shit Jeff. There's really
There's really unlimited possibilities as to what he recycles at this point
You're supposed to throw out your discarded paper products like like like but like well blow your nose and throw that in the recycle bin
Well, I mean, it's not like being I mean that well, this is a question. I mean, I don't know
I always hover over the two things because I'm like, well answer it. I'll go garbage
I'm not because people have to pick through the recycling and they certainly don't want to feel your
excretions there's a human being there's like a jawa that goes through every
They don't just put it like a puddle
to black people up here your
understanding of what the underclass has to do is
Rather limited. I would think in this regard Dan. Yes, people have to go through every manner of
Think I think the recycling bin gets dumped out
Well, take me through from the blue bin goes into the truck and then they take that one to Austrian men
One's named Franz the other. I don't know his name. Take it to an area outside of Pomona, California
where it's dumped into a giant refuse pile much like the volcano in Mordor and
on the on the sides of this it's much like that that movie from several years ago the one with all the Indian children that won the Oscar for
Slumdog millionaire, right? Yeah, slumdog millionaire where it made people feel awful and therefore good
Because it was in color and there was dancing and why not so all the excreta effluvium erotic and
Jetsum that the world
Perpetrates someone has to go through each piece of it to see if there's any value to it
And then they either put it in a bag and take it to a community where they sell it or it goes into a big giant furnace
that's marked big devil and
That's that's how recycling works, but you're talking about I mean we have a de facto
Facto layer in there where the I have of course bullshitting at all times, but I would appreciate it if you'd maintain your respectful silence
Because there's there are homeless people that go through and they go through the bins and then they go like oh
They're there for the term indigenous street people, but yes
And they grab the stuff homeless infers that everyone gets a home
Which is I think our friend who works at Jamba Juice will attest
When you're a wage slave no home is given to you the idea of home and homeless is a is a fairly
I think George Carlin worked that point over pretty pedantically
Don't you think I like I still honestly like all the shit that goes in the paper bin like I don't picture one human being going like
This paper's got chocolate on it. It's a crew of people
I don't know the the ruling on this, but you can't blow your nose and recycle that. That's just seems to thank you
That's no, that's that's a no at the very least. It's impolite. Well
Well, does that but that implied but then you have put your pizza your cardboard pizza box in there, right?
It's got cheese on it. Yeah, but think about it. You don't you know you you don't
You you put things that are recyclable and then like the things that that's like that recycle this plastic
Recycler thing things a little symbol on it like things and ideally you clean them first you rinse them off and you put those in the recycle bin
You don't just put anything that conceivably could be recycled in the recycle bin
Well, you know
I'm sure I'm not the person to be letting you in on this
But we have gone recycle crazy to the point where there is often no actual refuse container in like offices and stuff
There's like in my in the writer's bungalow at work. There is no non recycling
There's like four giant cardboard boxes that all have the recycling someone like compost or something like that
Because there's just four big giant fucking boxes that all have that symbol on it
Is the I don't want to be a libertarian here, but it's the dirty little secret that the shit just goes into a fucking pile with everything else
Is that like because the stuff that we're putting in these boxes?
It's like, oh, yeah
This is where the plastic and the paper and the cardboard
It's to make people feel better about themselves, right?
It's an exercise. It's a charade like a lot of stuff we do and my security at the airport and shit like that
Most of our waste is like, oh, let's do this and then we'll pretend that it's really happening and why people are happy and everyone goes home
And but you're saying there's still some guy picking through it. That's not just a guy
Lately ever drive down the streets of LA and see people digging in the garbage cans and pulling out Burger King
Roberts and shit like that. I guarantee you no matter what's happening
I don't want to bring it down to a bummer level war all all your nice lower-middle-class fans are bummed out
We're talking about we're talking about two different things though. You're talking about people like fuck
I don't even have health care. I'm two paychecks away from going through a burger king fucking rapper
You're talking about that's how they talk to themselves. That's it. Everyone's internal monologue in this room. It's kind of like this
You're talking about I'm from Daytona. I don't know why everything's like this
I understand that there's people that go through the garbage cans that then take stuff to the recycling center that the stuff that they
I understand there's people that go through my garbage shutter that are like scavengers from sector seven
I get that I admire those people. That's amazing that they're like
Bothering to find the honest labor that quote-unquote honest labor that's afforded to their situation like it blows my mind
Spencer only gives those people money. He doesn't give paying him. There's money
He pulls over and randomly runs up to those people and gives them money because they're like he's
Has some it's like yeah, you want to encourage the ones that are doing it
Wow
He labors under the false notion that this world is a meritocracy
That can be enforced even at the lowest level, but I'm talking about at the place like I don't know where this stuff goes
I know where there are people like I've watched like you know
There's a modern marvels and things like that. What is it? There's a guy or a gal at a conveyor belt and they're looking for get this we need
That that goes along the thing like they're actually there are right
Sorters at the end. So they're just pulling. There's also a giant plastic island in the South Pacific that bobs up and down
Yeah, yeah, a couple of kilometers wide and yeah, we should be able to start building on that pretty soon, right Dan
I've talked about it on another show. I want to talk about it on this show. We need to do Harmontown from the garbage island
It's out in the South Pacific. I don't know how we get there
I think you fly and there's no birds or fish anymore
But at a certain point in the South Pacific when you get out there
There's a giant bunch of birds and fish because the garbage is there and you're like it's an ecosystem is right
Yeah, there's all kinds of you probably can't walk on it though, right? It's not no sure you could it's nothing but six pack
plastic things and containers and and styrofoam and whatnot and you're you know old tissues and
Jamba juice cups that people threw away in LA that got caught in a tsunami tide and shot across the Pacific and stuff
And I think it's gonna be solid enough in another six months or so that we can do a fucking benefit for it
What what if that ends up being like of the the new world what if what if that is why he was three million years ago?
Whatever Iceland now garbage island is the new paradigm and then we all it's like where all the intelligentsia live
Oh, yeah, they form a perfect government, right?
I'm gonna move there like
Arthur Clark moved to Salon and I'm gonna write my next novel there and by that time
There'll be mammals and monkeys and whatnot living on the garbage island as well and fauna and flora
And there'll be palm trees growing out of nowhere and whatnot nature finds a way
If we've learned nothing we've learned that Jeff Goldblum's absolutely right in the movie Jurassic Park
Nature does find there's so many movies he's right in and independence day is one
But the other one is Jurassic Park if you can get an Apple Mac to interface with an alien craft like he does in
Independence day that is some feat of technology. Was he right in powder Greg and powder and powder was
Jeff when is Jeff Goldblum wrong?
He's right. He's right. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. I
Hear I hear a grown man, but inside a frightened girl
Wait, yeah, but they're right. He was wrong in the fly. He fucking he was
But you know what he was right about he married Gina Davis while he made that movie. So he was right about that
Well, okay, but the thing about the fly is it's a tragedy. It's like Macbeth
So Macbeth was right about killing the king making him king. Well, he made a deal with the devil didn't he though?
I mean, and that's there's the rubber, right
But I'm saying that like yours that Goldblum is always at his best when he's right about something in a tragic movie like that
A sci-fi horror movie that ends with him getting his sorry kids getting his brains blown out
that the
He's he's he's right the whole time. He's even he's even right even goes now. It's time to blow my brain right
But he's he has a conscience in that one and all that jazz. He often does though. He's
He's like a gold bloom
You know what I mean, all right, so I
Think that he's married now. So all the women in the room are safe
For the moment if he was roaming around L.A. Yeah, he's he almost hurtled me like like oh, yeah
He's my high or taller. Oh, no, he's quite tall. Yeah, and I was at a thing and I'm on a date with some girl
Like it wasn't like a hot day. It was a girl. I knew we went to go see him play at the Argyle hotel
Which is now called the the sunset whatever the fuck
But we went and saw him and I was in the in the men's room and there was a men's room attendant
And I saw I was washing my hands and there's Jeff Goldblum and the men's room attendant his sign says thank you
My name is Jeff so I'm washing my hands next to Jeff Goldblum and there's a guy named Jeff and I said well
My name is Jeff too. I said, you know meteor hits his bathroom
That's that takes care a lot of the Jeff's building and and Goldblum looks at me goes
Yeah, yeah
So we walk outside and I'm with some gal and
I choose good-looking kind of and and and he I introduced him to her because now we now we have we've had that moments
And I introduce it. This is another Jeff and and he talks to this gal and never ever ever takes her eyes off of her
tips
Yeah, and and and then later like he he if he could have walked through me like with the at the atoms could have aligned
We could have actually passed through me because that would have been faster
Like quantum leap or something. Yes, we could have just completely
It's now five minutes from now and I just walked through you you can get creepy to the point where you transcend
If we took a
Informal pole of every woman in this room
He he's hit on every woman. I think on earth
Yeah, for sure. There is there's a hundred and fifty people in this room. Maybe or am I flattering myself?
Let's assume that
That half of them are not women because it's Harmontown. It's like more like
I
You're right this time just beating your your observation dead the
Number of women that I have talked to that have a Jeff Goldblum story that specifically about his sort of I don't want to use
Hot-button language like predatory or anything
He's not predatory that it's I've done a couple gigs with him
I used to have him on my chat show a couple times and he was absolutely charming and and really lovable and fucking just like was
Ceaseless. Yeah, but you know, you know that old saying
When you're a teenager guy say to you if you hit on every girl like eventually one you can't you can't hit if you don't swing
Right. He's the only person next to Bill Clinton who's actually observed that philosophy
You know what I mean like most guys don't most guys don't hit on every single girl
They need but Jeff Goldblum and Bill Clinton. I think you're like, hey, how's it going?
And then every woman goes no and pushes them away and they're like fine. I'm on to the next but he also has a thing
He has that really like animal like like sexual drive where when he sees a woman
It's like laser beam lock like target lock. Oh, yeah, like the predator. Oh, see you. Yeah, you are one ugly bastard
Blender of predator references there. It's a he the predator was hunting the person
But then he was Arnold Schwarzenegger
I changed
My scenes have a lot of
It's not complex as much as it is perplexed
I also I got I got nearly I think you could call it a cross check a hip check
I'm not sure what the correct hockey term is Bruce Willis went through me like he actually
Dozed me over to get to it to get to a girl like wow
And then I saw me he saw a girl
And this is like my first girlfriend like that I was ever in love with and I was like early 20s
And she looked enough like Demi Moore for me to get it like like like he she certainly was in his zone
And he came out of the men's room at this club in Hollywood and saw her from across the way and there was various
sofas and human beings and like like like Mario obstacles, you know
Things for him to like like like pipes
There was various Donkey Kong barrels rolling at him, but he had to get through
And he saw her from across the room at about let's call it like you know, let's say 30 feet 40 feet and
Looked and saw like Robocop saw the lay of the land
like sofa
1.5 meters high like like like charting a course she was four meters high
The sofa was like the sofa's 1.4 meters and so he he looked around if it'll take so long to walk around
Like like a human like a person would through the through affairs of traffic
That a person might walk to get from one point to another in a bar
He just started jumping over and climbing over accepting on people's coats
Wow, just just just he was that desperate to get to her beeline and then he went kaboom right into me and I didn't like
I kind of saw him coming. I I saw him coming
I saw this all happening and I turned to my girlfriend and
The next thing I know I see him and he's right on me and just goes
It just knocks me like not all the way to the ground, but nearly Wow. Yeah, was this Hudson Hawk era or pulp fiction?
It's after Hudson Hawk. Oh, he was like racing. He was like my hair's falling out. Yeah
He didn't know how sexy he was gonna get when it finished falling out
He was he was still airbrushing it out his head for 40 million dollars hard area
That's what it is like three after pulp fiction. He's probably like hey come over here
But Hudson Hawk guy is like vaulting like like bringing our two seagrams. All right, they don't even know they don't even remember
I've had a few guys do it. It's pretty desperate. Yeah, I've had one or two
I can't say their names. I got one or two guys just, you know, basically knock you down because there was something
I've got run over by Nicholas Cage one time but
In New Orleans, but he he came
Absolutely careening out of an elevator in New Orleans and it wasn't because he was trying to get anywhere
He just came out
And I was and I was a guy waiting to get an elevator. Oh, sorry
So many floors in this building
I don't begrudge him for that but we all wanted what he was having that night because he likes
Oh, that's so I love that. I've never yeah, I'd love to be near and my friend Tom Kenny told me that he was at Johnny Ramon's funeral and
over at
Hollywood Forever and
Nicholas Cage was very good friends with Johnny Ramon and he goes he wore a matrix outfit a long black coat and shades
And he goes everybody got up and spoke and then Nicholas Cage went
Johnny, if you're up there, I know you can hear us
Awesome
I want Nicholas Cage in my funeral. Yes, you do. I don't even care if I can't see it. I want him to be there and go Greg
Yes, rockin good news
I don't even know him I want Nick Cage to do the eulogy so he can go Greg, you know
He could probably charge for that the same way that they sell like the cryogenic
Freezing companies like those are all scams. It's like, oh, who's gonna sue you?
You know your head in a bucket, but so Nick Cage could make you he could yeah
A million dollars old. I'll do your eulogy
He has to work wait a second
Dan I've known you for a long time. I didn't know you did a great Nicholas Cage
Now it's all of a sudden it's like face-off and shit
You're John Travolta in face-off
I know I know I didn't I don't it's really good. It's just you know quite good. It's just it's it's
It's you you do the Gary Busey over bite. Yeah, and then you raise it an octave. Yeah, so Gary Busey
Nicholas Cage
I think
Like I kind of do it by like thinking because it's like like like like this is done. Not
I'm done. Not but then this is Bill Clinton
Bill Clinton
I'm a little weapon
I'm done nuts. I'm Bill Clinton. I'm done nuts
I'm Bill Clinton. Yeah
And then there's a third one that fits that same category. Who's it?
Who's it? Who's it? Who's the third? Is it Jimmy Stewart?
Well, Jimmy Stewart's more though. Oh
Oh, Jimmy Stewart. I'm done nuts. I'm Bill Clinton
But when he raised but Jimmy Stewart raises his voice he does the weird octave thing like in I was watching him
What's the Christmas picture where it's a wonderful life? Yes, and
Not as good as I remembered it frankly a little more
Not a torped
Sweaty it's a sweaty fucking Christmas movie everybody would rather live in Bedford Falls because it's way more fun
Bedford Falls has bars that are open all night and and and like places to dance and people talk jive and stuff
Yeah, right in the regular Bedford Falls everyone. Yeah, no, but in that one
It's like well, it comes up pretty handy down here, but like you lose this shit and it goes right to the top
Did I tell you?
You weren't there Greg. I was with Drew. Did you get knocked over by Jimmy Stewart at a bar here in LA? No, so I'm I'm there
I'm there with Katherine Hepburn
Ginger Rogers was on the dance floor Jimmy Stewart comes out of the elevator, and I don't know what the fuck Jimmy Stewart's on
I'm fucked to the test
Who's that piece of ass over there
I was it I was
Remember when Drew Carey and I were dating
Absolutely drew a single for a while he would call me up and said let's go to Vegas
So we would go to Vegas and we want to go see John Fogarty from CCR of course
Yes, and he played at the at the hard rock at the what was then the old joint
And he had front row center seats to it and Drew is gambling out in the in the high stakes blackjack joint
you know of course winning because he's rich and he can't lose and
And Gary Busey is there and he's with a very lovely gal, and I don't know that it's a prostitute
I just have my feelings about that
She's my sponsor
So we meet a bit and so I
Drew's like a man that the show is starting so like I could finish out this hand
I'm doing really well, so you want to go like there's an opening banner right now
By the way, this is a dead accurate Drew Carey. Yeah, Jeff does the best you care. I can't do him as well
I'll be there a bit so we get so we get there. I don't know what you guys go don't dance real funny
I don't know what the seats are so I walk into the thing and it's it's it's because it's John Fogarty
It's not people standing up. It's it's chairs. Yeah, it's silver ponytails. Yeah, exactly
lots of silver ponytails and
Yeah, and so I look for the thing and of course it's because it's drew it is the dead center seat
Yeah, there are 15 seats right Muhammad Ali's in the corner. Yeah, exactly
So we're there so I'm by myself and so I just sit down and there's there's eight seats flanking me empty
So I looked like the weirdest guy in the world. I think oh wow this guy bought 12 seats for himself
So I'm sitting there and finally drew comes and our friends all show up and I think you're at you're a homicide detective
Who never solved the case of the guy who kept murdering women and playing a John Fogarty song over the phone every time he did it
So he plays born on the bayou. I'm gonna scan this crowd pretty fucking hard tonight
So it's a song that they did
So fucking John Fogarty sounds amazing. He can't he still sounds like it's you know, yeah
40 years ago. He's brilliant and he's laying it down and then drew comes in it all of our friends are there and
I'm like, thank you for coming. It was very strange
But I kind of like it was kind of fun to be like the weirdest like high roller guy that didn't buy the tickets
You know drew carried it
Then I keep getting flicked in the back of the head and it's bucey. He's he's he's row three and
Everyone is seated because like it's people watching a show and it's not like, you know
The nine-inch nails is not on stage. It's it's it's you know, he's like like put me in coach
You know, I think no one's gonna be standing up today. So, uh
We drew he keeps flicking me and drew in the back. Hey guys
Hey, it's like it's a painful flicks on the back of the head like you're in junior high school and
we're like
Gary music he's flicking me in the head and and he's standing up. Yeah
Yeah, the whole show and at one point Fogarty looks up and goes Gary. I see you sit down
Wow
So I can't imagine how many shows he's been to
Come on man, like like this people are trying to enjoy this shit
So imagine having success at that level where Gary Busey is your Adam Goldberg. Oh
You have you have the regular crazy guy that comes to the show that sometimes you gotta go. Hey take it easy and it's Gary Busey
That's fantastic, you know Gary Busey was in
Leon Russell's band. He was the drummer for years and his name was Teddy Jack Eddy
He went by Teddy Jack Eddy and when he did Buddy Holly
He played and sang all the fucking songs in the movie with that with that band Gary Busey is a like a you know, not only is he
You know amazingly
incandescently weird
To put it gently. He actually has a rock-and-roll background which makes it even more frightening. Yeah
Well, okay, that's a perfect segue to let's bring out Spencer first of all
Spencer Crittenden
To the Spence to the sir to the Spence Spencer
Hey, baby
We're the kings of rock will take you higher does not really remind you
Sucker MCs must call me sire. So I wanted to I wanted I wanted to address Randy Quaid a little bit
Yeah, you're the only one I know that I actually like went through this video with. Oh boy. I
I was at my friend's house the other day and I was like has anyone seen that Randy Quaid video and they didn't understand
Like and so I was like no you have to see this and then no one put it on immediately
So I was like no you have to see this and every 15 minutes
I was like seriously you fucking guys you have to watch this video
It's the most important thing in the world right now
I'm aware of it because I saw it on the web today, but I didn't watch it
Yeah, I did however watch a Dennis Quaid video where he was quite calm
That's what I keep thinking about is Dennis Quaid just this waking up in the morning like like like the morning
I get up because there's a call time. It's like 6 30 a.m. Schrab text me Randy Quaid
He sent me a link to the YouTube video and and said he does he quotes
Independence Day at the end of the video watch the whole thing because he goes I'm back
Well, he's a thing which is a thing for I wanted to what the thing I was it sent me down this rabbit hole
I'm like what what happened with Randy Quaid because he everyone just keeps brushing it into this pile and very very
phobic about dismissing
Crazy behavior. I don't I
Guess it's I for obvious reasons like I don't want to be done like you know a couple
Moves from that on that chessboard from if we're gonna start depending on where we draw the line
I don't know how you play chess. Um, they
Rook to Harmon for
But into so like I always whenever whenever whenever somebody like has a meltdown in the press or like oh that crazy person that crazy person
Whether it's the Coney 2012 guy or Charlie Sheen or Randy Quaid or me sometimes whatever the I always like go
Like like well, what's the real story here? What's going on because the last thing?
I want to do is be a part of stuff of a gang of any kind
If it's easy to say what a nut bar. I always I was compelled to let go. What does he do in this video?
Oh, yeah, God. Well, you don't even you don't even you don't even know the headline of it
I know I just saw that he made this and the wife's there, too. I presume. Yeah, the wife is there and she's in a bikini top
She's hanging out in the background and then it's worse
She's kind of glaring at the camera through aviator shades
Well, he explains as he has before that Rupert Murdoch has it in for him and that he has never been
that he's been fucked over by this like kind of
Larger system which we can talk about in a second exactly what his what what his theory is and why he has it
But he has this this this, you know, he feels he's been persecuted
It's a I went down the rabbit hole of going through the timeline of everything that's happened to him started in
2007 cut to I don't have time to explain all of it, but cut to he's got no US passport
And he's basically sitting in one room in Canada waiting to get either I guess put in jail in Canada or sent
I don't know where he doesn't have a US passport. They took a Hillary Clinton took his passport away
I don't think personally
Because you know John Kerry
Called me the other week and he wanted to take my passport away, but I don't don't give it to him
Exactly. It's a trick. I don't want to end up in Ontario in a fucking room with my wife
So he's never worn a bikini top in a video that I can remember so he does or he does a small rant
Says like I hi, I'm Randy Quaid. I made
20th Century Fox a billion dollars when I saved the world an independence day
Um Rupert Murdoch is in return. What's happened?
And he's just kind of recounts like he gets mad that Rupert Murdoch didn't thank him for saving the world an independence day at some point
Yeah, I mean he kind of that's you're worried about calling him a nut bar. Yeah, I am
I understand what I'm worried about is not fun to pile on. I'm worried about calling him a
Drug addict because I think that everyone keeps going like oh crystal meth crystal meth crystal meth
Let he who is without drugs cast the first, you know only users
Only users lose drugs
Let's all I feel like when I have a nervous breakdown you will part is that gonna happen tonight
It may have happened Wednesday
You don't know but part and parcel of my breakdown will be an increased use of whatever substances make no question
No, and so I always wonder when people me it's Tang
Have these like they have these brush-ups with the press in the contemporary society and it's like oh the
Like is the drug the causal agent because he's not
Everyone says he's the sweetest guy in the world. Yeah, he's been married to his wife. Evie for since the 90s
They've always had a very passion. It's not a terrible actor. He's quite a good actor
It's very fabulously talented and they a great character actor and they
They hit and his marriage to you can't you can't Yoko the to to put it in Gen X
Paralyzed that she's not she's not the cause of any problems either like they've had a they've had a passionate
Partnership since the 90s. She didn't come in and and start causing problems in his life
In 2007 shit just switched to like a light like stuff started going weird now
Usually when you lose your mind
statistically, you're in your your your early 20s some some people could but but if you're in a marriage and it's a
Biochemical thing you don't go crazy together. That's and there and he is not methed out
He is not he he's not he does not he's chubby and and ruddy-faced and healthy looking
He just seems to be really put out by what he claims is a is a global conspiracy
He's having a manic episode or something that's it was been lasting for like six years. Yeah, but sometimes they do, you know
That's what I that's that's what I look at Sinatra in the 50s or whatever, you know
Like he made five million records or whatever, and I think you know
I think he was up all night every night just like well
That's the biggest crime of all then as if Sinatra was as if we're missing Randy Quinn
I
Would hate to think that we're missing Randy quits best years then because well, I don't think we're missing
It's horrible when people pile on though and in turn send it from chasing Frankenstein to the village
I don't know when the crime is being weird. It's like it's like well
I think it's great when people gang up. I think the great thing about the internet is that we can gang up on bullies
I think that's fucking great. Yeah, that's the best part. The weird thing is that we we just as though
We seem to keep ganging up on nerds like we just
Brian Williams and shut that like really dude, but won't Hollywood throw their arms around him like they did Robert Downey and like like
I hope so. Let's make you famous again, or what's his name?
the wrestler
Mickey Rourke Mickey Rourke. Yeah, I hope so. I
Mean he's he's he's he's aging really gracefully is a wonderful performers got this powerful voice. He's clearly off his rocker
But I don't even I don't want to use that phrase necessarily because it's like like like I don't know like like he's an actor
How sane is he supposed to be and exactly what the fuck happened?
I don't know. I don't know. That's it. I feel like TMZ got him arrested six times is what happened to him
That's enough to make anyone, you know a little upset. He's freaky. There's no question
Spencer, but you know my argument always is like Dick Cheney walks the streets free every day and feels fucking empowered to give his opinion
Anytime he likes Donald Trump fucking comes on TV and tells us he's going to run for president
Sarah Palin gives speeches and shit like that and no one impunes their sanity at any point yet
They're all evil fucking insane
Unbelievable unbalanced maniac. Yeah destroyed the world in their own fine way
If you took their money away by by by signing some form at City Hall that said that their jurisprudence wasn't the hall of bursars and the flim flim flam
like
Nothing looks crazier than being poor and having an opinion Donald Trump if he was fucking like he shuffled in here right now and had
Like a rat tail on his cheek and said the shit that he says on Twitter
I mean even just his
On your head yeah, yeah, like like just being born rich just gives you like this sanity pass
Oh, doesn't it just so I what I'm curious about is how they lost their money
That's the I don't say that because all their trouble started like
Hillary Clinton took away the passport and all of his gold
Well, they're sitting up there in Canada and they're making videos you could you can follow every every every quade on Twitter
She has like a hundred and forty eight followers, and I saw like a hundred and forty eight
Yeah, they have like they have like these videos. There's like other videos that they're making from the same room
How can you only have that many of this is that big of a thing? That's what I don't understand. I don't know why doesn't she have
I don't I don't I don't it's it's one of those weird
That's why I'm fascinated with their story because it's kind of doesn't doesn't doesn't fall into every little Apple box on my
understanding of the world factory
But then you work in a bungalow where there's a proprietary
Exponential fucking
You know, what did you call it a recycle bin?
Cycling bin there's there's and yet, you know for a fact that those are hypocritical recycling well there
I know because there is no actual there's not a box that says it just put shit and turds and boogers in here
They're dead raccoons. There's there's like is there a lot of dead raccoons in the bungalow
There's got to be one underneath it
Oh, no, that was my last script
There's nothing like a small mammal joke to really rocker
The foxes must have got too late
That's why act three was so unsatisfying I
Think a ferret got to that
Um, there's a yeah, there's just four giant boxes and there's a guy that comes at midnight
And I sleep at my office enough to know that all he does is show up
Like like sometimes he doesn't know I'm there
So I get to listen to what he does from midnight to 4 30 a.m. And it's a real like risky business situation out there like he's
Except he just keeps emptying the same garbage over and over and I keep thinking he's gonna come in my office
And he has a key if he wants to he can but so I just sit there with my blanket go like it's like the it's like the
the Baba Duke or whatever
And then I just hear him out there just emptying stuff and then if I clear my throat
He'll like be gone in 10 minutes because I think he just comes to my bungalow to fuck around
But he also maybe thinks that someone's watching him so he pretends to take out the garbage for four hours
Alright, so anyways is is my better half here
Yeah, we should get we should get scooting on the shadow run as soon as we can yeah, is Erin McGathy in the house
Erin McGathy
Oh, let's run some shadows
Johnny Ramon's funeral will commence in five minutes
I may have ruined one of your keyboards
What the max headroom is going on
Aaron's in a very good costume. I can we dress up for our things that maybe I'll come
That's like that's like when max asked if he could rap
Yeah, I can't ask you to dress up, but please go ahead my I'm a 20 year old elf female shaman
I mean I'll do it. Oh
His hands are tied folks
I forgot it at home, but I made you an earring clip on your end. Yeah a single year. I love it
Yeah, I was late because I I have to finish a cake that I'm making for a film
That's sad now that is it cake boss the movie
Yeah, hamburger for this time. It's a bakery
Um, and I realized that the eye of my my actual cake wasn't cool
So it made this this outfit. Oh, you don't like your cake. You think your cake's bad
No, no, the cake is fine. It just it just has to cool for me to properly. Oh, I said it wasn't cool
Oh, no, and then I just lost my mind and I'm like
The glue gun I'm dressing up. This isn't enough. I blew it on the cake
Do we have to moorage here as well? Yes, let's bring up to more Demars brown
Hey tomorrow
Or bill as I know you
I love you so I always will I'm just the bill the way people say oh when I kiss my wife
Which is a totally normal thing for every human makes me feel very inhuman doesn't it?
I talk about my wife a lot on my show and people go
I can't believe how proud you are of your wife and it's like, what are you with your wife?
You keep her in a room like fucking Jane air or something I
Took an Uber over here and the Uber driver and I watched the feed on the way over so it was so strange coming into the
Oh, good plug, sweetie. Yeah, well
It was great, I was whisked away and
Anyway, I was watching I was watching the feed in an Uber driver turned back behind he said you're
From that house. There's another man. I take him to Burbank, and I'm like, yes. Yes. Oh you had our talk
That's not stubborn arts
Or did you have one of the 37 armands?
And he said he's a he's an assistant to a cook and I just stopped the feet
I was like what where he's not an assistant to a cookie?
I take him to Burbank, and there's a big picture there
Cooking picture and he's he's an assistant to a cook and I said no no. He's a writer and he said for a cook
Are you a writer for a cook? What do you write like I'm a polygamist, and this is how we find out I
Wasn't watching the feed tonight. I was watching I don't know if you saw but Jonathan E from the Houston team is playing a worldwide
Rollerball match tonight, so I was watching that on the way over. Yes, that's a rollerball reference everybody Wow
At the logo for my
The logo for star burns is a cook is a chef. That's what he's talking about. It's kind of amazing that
I don't know
Cooking school it's like it's like it's like when Harvey Barks at Danny DeVito. I'm like wow. He thinks it's a dog
Oh dossiers
My dog thinks that Danny DeVito or we don't know we don't we can never know why our dog Barks at Danny DeVito
if you if you if
When the eye if you put on a ladder season of always sunny
The dog goes nuts like there's a cat on the screen or something if you
That's for you
If I'm in my mind the dog will also in the iTunes screen if if if the if the
The Rainmaker with Danny DeVito and Matt Damon both of whom are on the poster is in the upper left corner of the screen
Because it's in your most recently viewed section. The Harvey will look up at the upper left corner of the screen and go
Because it's smaller Danny DeVito and more well groomed
But then you put in season six of always sunny and he goes
And and only does that for dogs cats and Danny DeVito
Because they're all the same weight, but if you put in like like like junior or something like that like like like
It has to be like a disheveled Danny DeVito like how he has to get furry
I mean war the roses is out or
What I well, I don't know we haven't put it where I'd like like
One floor over the cuckoo's nest when he's quite young
Haven't tried it. I mean haven't gone through the whole
Martin, I'm just amazed the fucking dog like it barks at the drawings of cats and I said I said I said to Aaron like
Try drawing a picture of a dog on a piece of paper with a sharpie
Let's see if this fucking dog is like goddamn Caesar in Planet of the Dogs and
And so Aaron goes like oh, yeah good idea and she drives this thing
Aaron's an artist I guess she does it like the dog
She drives a cartoon dog the dog's head is the size of the dog's body
Like she's drawing like like a pictogram of a dog like I like that I I'm like no
Sorry draw draw like a regular picture the dog baked a dog. I wonder what it's like being married to Greg Proops
She drew the most amazing drawing of a dog is what Greg what's that my wife's a very good artist
She did the pictures for my book. So then I go so
It's good plug sweetie. She did actually so I go draw a regular picture like draw just like a silhouette of a dog
Just draw like a like a kind of a realistic shape of a dog and she goes. Okay. Okay. I think I got yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, and she draws for a while and then she turns it around and it's a picture of me with a dick in my mouth
Dan
Max you can buy that drawing if you want later on after the show
Is it a picture or a photograph really? I mean it was inspired by very real things in our heads Spencer
Let's let's let's let's get this rolling horn from the pages of reality
Now Greg are you are you hip Greg to what's going on in our shadow?
I'm so hip to the jive Dan and I had an extensive conversation where let's move on
All right Spencer, do you want to what do you need from us? Do you want to get you want to get rolling here?
Do any preamble you have a groovy theme song and shit? I don't know. I do have music for us. Well, there you go
I don't I didn't write anything down for the intro part. So I don't know maybe just I could do it
All right, well put up the music and Dan'll do it then
Last time on shadow run
This is a damn Jamba juice get your ass out here
We don't got no hamburger
Go down to pinks
Jim nightblade and his shadow run crew
Were assigned to find a
Btl chip designer named Baldwin Brown
In a compound
surrounded by
Btl aka better than life chips
That they were also supposed to get a hold of
Infiltrating the compound with his fingertip nano whip
Jim nightblade made quick work of the perimeter scaling the roof of the nearest warehouse
Again nano whipping a nearby vent the other characters did fine
Sliding down silently like a deadly spider
Jim nightblade came down in the middle of the warehouse with his grappling gun and his faithful
sexually tense compatriot
Eve Liberty Eve Liberty
Helping her down onto the floor
Nightblade
Then asked her to send a stun bolt to the two guys playing poker
And then they get they didn't it didn't work all the way and they shot some people
horde a guard the German guy is
Keeping watch from beyond using his psychic powers
Eve Liberty meanwhile is out front. That's mercy. Okay mercy. Sorry mercy. God damn it
Mercy that's my wife's character is out at the south gate
occupying three armed guards
with various
Dirk Benedict a circa 18 shenanigans
When we left them nightblade and Eve were
Closing the distance between themselves and the backs of the meaty heads of the three
Security guards that we were about to shoot him
Okay, yep
You know, it's amazing is that you did that
46 seconds, which is almost exactly what the old length of Spencer's intro was you felt that I thought you were gonna say
I thought you were gonna look at that and then go 46 minutes
The show was over five usually the master of brevity, but you really wrapped that fuck her up
Yeah, so it was because he was missing some certain information
About horde guards and what she did maybe we should hear the intro from horde guards perspective
Is this like our Rashomon?
Perhaps not the whole intro, but for example, I am not German. I'm Norwegian
Same difference during the war, bro
Nice Wow
Too soon war burn
Apparently what a chop
All right
So just some housekeeping up top. It's actually a mono whip not a nano whip
It's actually quite a bit thicker than a nano whip
We're talking about dicks, right?
Okay, so it's just like it's a mercy space
It's actually quite a bit thicker than a nano. I just looked at Greg Greg. What I
Think it was either did I leave the oven on or yeah, all right, so the three guards are being occupied by mercy right now
Right Spencer. Yeah, and and horde guard you are
You got you got a line of fire on one of those guards to the front side
from the front outside the gate of the warehouse compound and
Jim nightbladed and I Eve were sneaking up from behind right now, correct?
Well, you were on the roof of the building. Okay. Well, I just send down to get with Jim nightblade. All right, that happens
Hey nightblade, I'll catch you back
Sorry, I'm getting
What's the range between Jim nightblade and I with the with the guards? Well, he's still on the roof
You're about 120 feet off. Oh, he's not done like it. I didn't hear him go down there night play get down here
I
I'm down there
What's your agility plus sneaking Dan fuck
I'm so sorry probably four plus something in parentheses
I was I think it was nine total last time right? Well, that was me shooting dudes. I remember that
Yeah, agility plus sneaking I had a tougher time with five plus
Looking at my sneaking
four plus four
That's that's 13 none. Yeah. Yeah. All right. You sneak down quietly
And what we're how far away from these guards 120 feet. All right Mercy keep keep keep them looking at you
We're sneaking up behind them. We're gonna get a shot on these guys
all right
Can you see through my head? No, I
That was me in character as mercy. I don't think they would say it like that. Thank you
All right, let me let me try that again. I look I look at them and I'm acting kind of crazy to distract them
Hey, sometimes I feel like I'm no one can see me at all and it feels like you guys can really see me
Can you see me or see through me? No, I use my fucking diplomacy. Is that just gone?
Do it might I would do I no longer have any
charisma what
Do I have charisma you're asking them a question they're answering I don't I don't get what's happening
Okay, sorry Spencer the way you said it. Well, they just it's a question. You're asking right? Well, it's a flirtatious
Why are you flirting with Spencer?
All right, well, they're still looking at me even though they said no, right? Yeah, okay, they can't see through your head
All right
I'm good. I'm going to regroup and approach differently from now on
So they're gonna look at me. I'm good. I'm not gonna walk away
Jim nightblade
I'm gonna cast improved invisibility on myself
I become invisible to human beings and to sensors and cameras and things like that walk up and just I have shot
Gloves where my gloves are electric and I'm just gonna go zap and knock these guys out
But you got a well. No, there's only two guys. There's three of them, right?
Three I've got the third one cupboard. Okay
Do you like this plan or do you want to come with yeah? I'm gonna go from my left
So third one will be all the way on my right
Or I could just cast it I could just cast a stun ball on all these guys and just knock them all out. I
Yeah, the the the more stunned they are but when I get it within shooting range
The more alive they'll be tomorrow for their families
This is Aaron asking when we when we
When we ended last time I had said to that group that they should stay and I was going to walk away
And we ended on a cliffhanger. Am I still I felt like we were about to pull the triggers and shoot these guys
Let's just shoot these fuckers. Let's just take them out. Yeah, I have walked away, but they're standing
I totally vote for shooting if that's what we're doing
All right, I look I've got my my stick and shock
Bullets in my gun and I put it on
Like like three-shot pulse mode. So how far away are you? I start closing that we start closing the gap
Maybe you want to sneak up a bit? Yeah, I'm walking toward these guys until I can shoot them in the head. Okay
We're walking toward them until what's a good range to shoot that from?
On your pistols. Yeah, probably about 20 20 meters
Okay, we close that we close that distance you do that quietly
All is well, okay
Guys, let's just with the rifle. I have it aimed
200 armor-piercing grounds. I'm using
Four of those okay, I'm waiting for the third one horde guard pick a guy. What's what's your guy look like still standing?
That's the one. I'm going to shoot. You're gonna get it. We'll shoot first one will still be standing
That's the one. I'm going to take right. Okay. Okay, so I'm a hundred yards away from the guys at this point
I can sell. Okay. I will not shoot Jim. Which one do you want? I'm starting from the left. Okay. I'll get the rights
Okay, ready and proofs is with horde guard
Suddenly I chucked three teargrass grenades
Who is this guy they call me apocrates
You
Tossed three tear gas grenades. That's right. I heal people because I took an oath
I heal people for the for the highest bidder
They they bounce along the floor and one of them bounces into the gatehouse of the guarding the gate and they all
Trigger going off Lee unleashing acrid smoke into the air the guards start coughing and and wheezing and then freaking out
And then you hear you hear a siren like a fire alarm going she's going on right
shit
Do we know this guy who's who's who's going grenades he's in your team he was there all along. Okay. All right
Is there somebody that I can see yeah, you guys are together. I'm a troll
But I swore to heal people I have a gas mask. I put it on all right good call
Are these guys are these guys immobilized or what are they doing? They're coughing
It's it's very you guys have opportunity to go right when you're seeing these things happen
Okay, let's take a shot. Take the shot. Oh go take the shot. I shoot as many people as I can I
Pop pop pop I pick off my guy. All right. What are your pistols?
Do Jeff I know Dan's pistols. There's six
Six all together four plus two six. Oh plus what plus your agility
Plus ten ten
Mine's a total of nine. I remember. All right, you hit him directly in the chest
It goes it pierces straight through their armor for for Dan and knocks the guy on his floor
He's bleeding out the the other guy gets hit with three of your
Stick-in-shock rounds and you see some electrical activity as he goes down to the floor convulsing. There's one left
Quarter guard take the shot. I take the shot with my rifle
All right, what's your agility plus the automatics?
Eight all right
All right, you also hit him his head explodes
I shot as a pre-cog. I knew this would happen. This is why I took those actions. You sure you're not German
The alarm's still going off
Hey face face Eve
Mercy you got a keyboard tape to your stomach
Can you do something about that alarm?
I can I can try I
Am I'm still wearing my my my business wear. Yep. I I run inside. I
Try to locate the alarm box
All right, you head inside the gatehouse and it's a pretty simple construction
You think there you see a switch that's activated that looks to be the alarm. That's probably it. Hello my darling
I walk up to the alarm and I
I
Using my my attribute my attribute of composure. Mm-hmm. I
I'm calm and I try to make sense of the alarm. I try to flip off the alarm using your composure
You flip off the alarm the silence rains and also
tear gas
Sorry about the mess, but it's quiet
to quiet
We still have that one guard inside that I only stunned you do it's nightblade you blew a dude's head off in there
We have with that one guy still down Spencer. Do we know how long that's done lasts on them?
You know an hour or two a few hours. Okay, so he's good. Probably
Can I still get a room back in there? That's probably where the target is and we gotta we gotta check all these crates for those chips
You hear the sound of sliding metal as the loading bay door closes shut
behind you
probably
Depending on your orientation
And the loading the loading dock door is the only door into the warehouse well
You guys came in through the ceiling right, but is there another door that we found or no?
Not one that I'm aware of all right, so again, I'm sure that's the only door
I'll go down the chimney and then I run up and yeah grapple grapple up to the
Grapple up to their warehouse roof. All right, you do that. I
Asteroidly perceive I go into a shamanic trance and I asteroidly project myself
And I project myself inside the warehouse to go into the room where those machines were and see or just to check check out the whole space
All right, you see about six bodies inside surrounded by machines and our security devices
Six bodies in the main room in the in the room that you haven't entered yet. Okay guys and
I do I detect any any magic any spirits in there or just just regular human being just humans all right guys
It's that we got six bodies inside that room
Well, it's a little outside my jurisdiction Six bodies are they dead?
No, they're living
Can I use my ability to detect enemies?
Yeah, range. No you detect enemies
You detect enemies
There's there's five plus
In the building so that means that everyone in that room neither one of them is the person. We're seeking
I mean, it's not really been established whether the person you see you're seeking as an ally or an enemy
So nobody's in the in the outside of the warehouse. They're all inside that room correct. All right guys
I'm gonna go in there. Let's all go in together. Let's let's have each other's back here
I'm gonna go in there before we do this
Should I perhaps take this opportunity to take my rifle to the stunned one than maybe shoot him? Yeah, I'll do that
Well, you'd have to get in the building first. So how do you want to do that?
Let's see. I have a grappling gun
Why don't we just why don't we just just monofilaments that uh that that door open man?
Yeah, we'll be long gone by the time I wake up Spencer. How does my stealth tag work?
Um, that's like an RFID tag. It's like a tracking bug basically so you could stick it on stuff
All right, another time. Is there time to let a cigarette while all this bullshit's going on?
Nightblade monofilament that door open. Let's go in there
What I'll do is all I I can summon a spirit that goes in there and just knocks it like knocks them out with noxious gas or something like that
Winky doodle do
It's not not a permanent I'm workshop and catchphrases
Spencer am I am I in a space with one of those guards?
You're in the gatehouse. There's
There's a dead guard in it. Yeah, okay
I take the dead guards clothes and I put on his clothes and I'm gonna use my skill of disguise to
Kind of emulate his body language. All right. What's your? Yeah, what?
What's your intuition plus disguise?
My intuition is four and my disguise is three
Seven all right you don't have to disguise
All right, and I start walking towards the room all right meanwhile
Jim nightblade attempts to monofilament whip the door open
But your robot finger careens off the surface of the door directing your monofilament whip directly right at you
No, it slashes you. What's your armor?
Top right corner top right
Is it AP or what I'll say armors my old eyes. It's
Armors, I'm looking for the word armors and it's core combat info up top right
It's just the number to the topist rightist. Oh, well, it's yeah rating. It says nine. Yeah, okay. Oh, right
Okay, so you cut yourself open right in the torso you're bleeding pretty heavily
Thank goodness. I'm here. It's sliced through your armor like butter
Let me fix that right up
The door stands unopened
Let me try that again
Are you sure now you're all cut open but do I let me let me put some first aid on you a critical failure
Do I feel like that's what happens when I try to use my mono whip?
Uh, you feel like that's what happens when you critical failure with your mono whip. Okay?
Yeah, hold on just I'm gonna try again. Sorry. Don't be so tough. God damn it. Let me stitch you up and try it again
You're in a different you're not in the building with me. I'm here alone bleeding to death
I'm trying to I've loved it. I'd love to get healed apocrates
Does anyone say that you sound a little bit like the coach from major league?
God damn it. I'm about as proud of you boys. I've ever been a coach to my entire fucking get in the heat of Ricky
Are you giving him first aid he's bleeding I'm in the warehouse you guys are I'm trying to give you
You're outside the rest. I'm with you outside the warehouse. You're trying to get into the warehouse
Yeah, I wanted to grapple up to the ceiling come down through the the great that I came through earlier
Okay, and then what door were you cutting I?
Thought that I had done that so I thought I was cutting the loading dock door so that they could come in okay
Well, then you're inside and you failed to cut the loading door. So yeah, okay, that's true
Try it again and let us in here we go again
Hickory dickory doc
All right this time despite your heavy wounds you managed to cut a man-sized hole in the loading dock door I
Jumped through all right apocrates heal the healed night, but he's bleeding bad you bet. I will
Let me take out my first aid kid here
I've also got I
Can I can heal it's best used after the first aid is applied is that the title of your book?
It's a small pamphlet I've written
Also you receive something from the Franklin Mint
It's a tiny gold coin
Just to let you know that I've been here. I've stitched up a thousand fucking punks on the street
I can stitch you up too. Jesus. Thank you so much. Oh, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to take one of your kidneys
I'm a troll I eat them after hours
Oh, they got two I
Get one bro
This bump no, you can't you're too weak here have some mental jesus
You apply your first aid kit and it seems to be taken quite effect the bleeding stops completely and you're all
the names apocrates I
Go I go up to the door. Oh, we're inside now, right? Yeah, I go up to the door and I and I summon a
spirits of air I
Summon a I I I farped I farped I
Summon a dog to blame it on I
Summon I summon a storm cloud that the mist cloud just to go
Under the door
To add to breathe noxious breath on them. So so so a level four spirit. All right
What's your sorcery plus or no conjuring plus magic conjuring me summoning that?
Where are you summoning what did you have for breakfast?
11 is total. Oh, right
And you said a four. Oh, also, I get plus two because it's a spirit of air. So it's 13
Okay, awesome. You take serious
Drain you take about three boxes of drain as you summon forth this powerful misty creature
It's there
Spirit go into the door and knock out the breeze noxious breath and knock them down
Okay, all right, the one who cast it blasted
Who swung the goat
So the the mist spirit goes under the the door, right? Yeah under the door and starts misting all over the place
a little over here a little over here
Is that accurate is that what it sounds like? I mean, I guess sure I
Asked I can't communicate with my spirits. Yeah, you got a mind link to it. How's it going in there spirit? Oh
This is a fine
I it's been a rough day, but it's nice to be needed. Did
Did you breathe the noxious breath on the six guys in there? Oh, yes, I did
How did it come out?
The way it always comes out. I just wish that for once the thing I was best at didn't hurt people
Oh
Air spirit, I just I just want you to knock them out. I don't want you to hurt anybody
No, I know I knocked them out
Spencer what happened? What happened? They're all knocked out
I
Shot the wife is making soup later, and she always makes too much. Thank you spirit
Miss spirit
Thank you miss spirit
I got a show stealer that farting ghost was you
Gotta cast that thing. Oh, yeah, I don't want to sorry. I don't want to
Don't I get too enthusiastic, but
Whoever whoever dealt that thing really knew what it was doing
Let's kick the door down and go go go get these guys and then we have to end the show I
Mean we started at 815. I'm just saying
Harks and alarms. Oh, no, am I in the wrong phase?
Tis I
The prancing unicorn with the wandering menstrual show
My golden hooves have heard that there is trouble in this land
Some 500 years hence
Tis I Tylenol with codeine Nightblade you are surrounded by a noxious gas
Don't say anything let me sit upon your face
Coding kick that door down so we can get in it will be done by the flaming balls of Kelly Ripper
a
And I must away
For another adventure I will go on I am not gay and yet I make no case for it club club club club
Who the fuck was that
What kind of fruit baskets you conferring with a nightblade it's a weird I'm
Specific he got about a sexual preference at the end
We didn't even bring it up
At least he wasn't a black guy you brought up to rap
The guy was good one of them was
Is it is the door open? Oh, yeah, it's been kicked in by a unicorn
Spirit will you inhale that noxious gas so we can go in there and enter safely? Oh, the spirit's gone. He did his business now
He's done. I'll say
All right
All right, is it safe for us to walk in there?
It might be a bit. I still have my gas mask on I walk in there and then examine what's going on
Bag him and tag him look for the ball guy. You see four four young teenage
Druggies they're kind of just sprawled out on the floor. They got
Microchips stuffed into their head skulls
Get those chips gather them up
Good call
As you gather up the chips the people come to and they're like hey man giving that back
Am I am I there? Yeah, you guys are all at the door. He's the only one inside the room, but yeah, okay?
With my with my power of convincing look at the guys. Hey bros go back to sleep man
Just ride that high
All right, we're gonna we're gonna take away the bad ones
There's some bad stuff that came down the shoot here, and I'm just trying to help you out
And also I'll stun baton them like right in case in case they don't I think I think they're okay
I think they're just druggies that were high on BTL chips, and they're just coming out of the stupor right now, right?
Yeah, but we need to control the environment
Wait, I look around I only see four druggies in the ground. I look for the other two people
I saw I saw six bodies in there who the other two. What's your perception plus?
intuition
um
It is eight eight
Alright using your keen eyesight you see an empty table and behind the empty table a thin almost
imperceptible seam in the wall a secret door a
Threshold worthy of probably am I right? Yep cliffhanger
That's like Greg Proops for coming down again great groups
Demorige Brown
My better half Aaron Harmon McGathey Cornelius Anastasia Harmon
McGathey Spencer Crittenden Jeff
Anastasia Davis
Let's also thank Max and Brian for coming up and rapping with us
Spend that money wisely. I'm Jeff Davis. Let's hear one more time for Dan Harmon everybody
Thank you and also anybody out there that wants to donate or lend music for us to play on the show
I'm happy to listen to it, and maybe you'll be on the Harmontown podcast with the tunes
I'll be rapping to your fat beats
We go to Harmontown dot tumblr.com. Dan Harmon.wn music sorry dot tumblr.com
Something like that. What is it? It's Harmontown music that tumblr.com. All right, everybody drive fast and take chances. We love you
Did you get any of that? It's a good show. Feral Audio